Ignorant people in the sea
Do you know who he is?
Master master
If you don't want to die, go away
Miss, who are you?
What's the relationship with Ye Linghan?
You are not qualified to know who I am
Ownerless status and dignity can't be offended
Immediately kneel down and apologize to my master
Otherwise I want you to look good
Hahaha, the tone is not small.
This Ye Linghan takes so many actors
Spend a lot of money
I don't know
You just want to put on a scene of a rich lady for my son to see
So that my son can change his mind, right?
Oh, what a pity.
Fake is fake
The pheasant will never become a phoenix
Do you think I'm kidding you?
Yo, it looks real
How much did he pay you?
I'll double down on him
roll
Lee
Brother Zixuan
Ye Linhan, have you made enough trouble?
Do you have to be raped on the spot to know your regret?
I'm really good for you.
Don't be ignorant
Did you see it?
The most important thing about today's Fengxi banquet is not that I become the president of the Black Gold Group
But the truth behind the black gold group will come in person
That is the existence of all the wealthy clans in Qinzhou
You made a big fuss at the Fengxi banquet today
It's just not good for the true god behind it
It's a sin that deserves death, you understand?
I know I'm afraid
The best thing you should do now is to pick you up
Put away your worthless arrogance
And kowtow to everyone there.
Ask him for a life
You need to know that any boss present
How you step on an ant
I guess you're right.
Everyone here is like ants in my eyes
You're right, too.
Offended me
He deserved to die.
Because I am the true god behind the black gold group